look over this way it's a mess
okay the lioness's Cena
the good honey's body posture
the Cubs are holding their ground which
is important we don't want them to just
sort of turn and blindly panic and just
rush off over there okay the lowness is
coming forward look the Cubs are
scattering
okay honey's following up
you can feel the uncertainty in honey I
mean she keeps stopping looking back she
wants to creep away but at the same time
she must keep watching that lioness she
doesn't want to let her out of her sight
okay the lioness is running she is
stalking towards our cheetah family as
if she was stalking prey murderess she
can hear honey making that growling
warning sound that she's telling her
cubs this is dangerous
look look honey's going towards her look
at honey look how brave she is look at
her she's prepared to confront that
lioness she is prepared to defend those
cubs if she has to she's saying to that
lioness normally I might run away but
when I've got guns don't push me
look at that look at honey
and the lioness is running look at that
[Music]
look and see that see the way she
slapped the ground like that just saying
- that lioness get out of here
that was honey saying nobody is gonna
kill another of my cubs